# Online Python compiler (interpreter) to run Python online.
# Write Python 3 code in this online editor and run it.
import random

letters = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21,22,23,24,25,26,27,28,29,30,31,32,33,34,35,36,37,38,39,40,41,42,43,44,45,46,47,48,49,50,51,52,53,54,55,56,57,58,59,60,61,62,63,64,65,66,67,68,69,70,71,72,73,74,75,76,77,78,79,80,81,82,83,84,85,86,87,88,89,90,91,92,93,94,95,96,97,98,99,100,101,102,103,104,105,106,107,108,109,110,111,112,113,114,115,116,117,118,119,120,121,122,123,124,125,126,127,128,129,130,131,132,133,134,135,136,137,138,139,140,141,142,143,144,145,146,147,148,149,150,151,152,153,154,155,156,157,158]

#card-name then reverse
#world, judgement, sun, moon, star, tower, devil, temperance, death, hanged man, justice, wheel of fortune, hermit, strength, chariot, lovers, hieerophant, emperor, empress, high priestess, magician, fool, Wands: ace - numbers - page - Queen -King- knight, Cups: ace - numbers - page - Queen -King- knight, Swords: ace - numbers - page - Queen -King- knight, Pentacles: ace - numbers - page - Queen -King- knight
cardslist = [
    'The World\nfulfillment, harmony, completion, \nTo encounter the World in your cards is to encounter a great unity and wholeness. It symbolizes the moment     when the inner and the outer worlds - self and other - become a single entity. In some traditions, this state is described as enlightenment, or nirvana.'
    ,'The World Reversed\nincompletion, no closure \nYou are drawing near to something that marks the end of a journey or an era. You may have many accomplishments that have lined your path, but there is a strange emptiness that fills you when you look backwards upon it, as if you have all the pieces but they are not coming together.'
    ,'Judgement\nreflection, reckoning, awakening \nThe traditional Judgement meaning focuses on the moment when we reflect and evaluate ourselves and our actions. It is through self-reflection that we can have a clearer and objective understanding about where we are now, and what we need to do in order to grow as humans. The Judgement card appearing in a reading signifies that you are coming close to this significant point in your life where you must start to evaluate yourself.'
    ,'Judgement Reversed\nlack of self awareness, doubt, self loathing\nThe reversed Judgement card can mean that you doubt and judge yourself too harshly. This could be causing you to miss opportunities that were awaiting you. The lost momentum causes you to fall behind in your plans, which can make it difficult to move forward. This means that you should not be cautious, but you should be moving forward with pride and confidence'
    ,'Sun\njoy, success, celebration, positivity\nBecause of your own personal fulfillment, you provide others with inspiration and joy as well. People are drawn to you because they are capable of seeing the warm and beautiful energy which you bring into their lives. You are also in a position in which you are capable of sharing your qualities as well as achievements with other people. You radiate love and affection towards those you care about the most'
    ,'Sun Reversed\nnegativity, depression, sadness\nthe Sun indicates that you might have significant difficulties finding positive aspects to certain situations. The clouds might be blocking out the warmth and light that you need to progress. This might be preventing you from feeling confident and powerful. You may experience certain setbacks which are damaging your optimism and enthusiasm. On the other hand, the Sun reversed might be indicative that you are being unrealistic. It might be a sign that you have an overly optimistic perception of certain situations.'
    ,'Moon\nunconscious, illusions, intuition\nYou need to be aware of the situations that are causing fear and anxiety in your mind, whether it is now or in the future. It alerts you not to allow inner disturbances and self-deception to take the best of you. These deep memories and fears must be let go, and the negative energies must be released and turned into something constructive. Another reading of the Moon card is the existence of illusion. Some hidden truth must be discovered, for what you are seeing now may just be a trick of the light. '
    ,'Moon Reversed\nconfusion, fear, misinterpretation\nThe moon reversal meaning indicates that you are in an intuitive period or you have recently battled confusion, anxiety, and self-deception. It could be that you are misinterpreting how you have been feeling however you are starting to improve on this. Another reversed moon meaning is that the forces of the night that are bringing you confusion are starting to dissipate. You have started managing your fears and anxiety'
    ,'Star\nhope, faith, rejuvenation\n To receive the Star in your reading means that you have gone and passed through a terrible life challenge. You have managed to go through this without losing your hope. While you suffered, you perhaps were not aware of your own strength, but you are now perhaps recognizing that the loss helped you discover your own resilience and inner power. It is only now that you can really appreciate all that you have.'
    ,'Star Reversed\nfaithlessness, discouragement, insecurity\nWhen the Star card is reversed, it means that you are feeling as though everything has turned against you. The challenges that you would normally see as exciting seem instead to make you feel as though you cannot overcome them. You have lost faith in something, whether inside yourself or with something you normally find dear. Without hope, without faith, we cannot find the motivation to progress forward in the challenges that we face. '
    ,'Tower\nsudden upheaval, broken pride, disaster\nThe Tower represents change in the most radical and momentous sense. It is for this reason that the card itself visually looks so unnerving. But it doesnt necessarily have to be truly frightening or ominous. Because at the heart of this card, its message is foundational, groundbreaking change. The kind of event that the Tower card marks does not have to be something terrible, like a disaster or a great loss.  Change itself is a normal part of life that one has to embrace. But it can sometimes strike fear, for it means that we must abandon the truths that we have known prior to this event. The old ways are no longer useful, and you must find another set of beliefs, values and processes to take their place.'
    ,'Tower Reversed\ndisaster avoided, delayed disaster, fear of suffering \nWhen you get the Tower card reversed, you can feel some crisis looming along the horizon, and you are struggling as much as you can to try and avoid its manifestation. What you have not realized is that these breakdowns can be beneficial in breaking down your reliance on something that is false. The tower is built on faulty foundations, and it must fall. Though the destruction will be painful, the humbleness resulting from it can bring us peace.'
    ,'Devil\naddiction, materialism, playfulness\nGetting the devil card in your reading shows that you have feelings of entrapment, emptiness and lack of fulfillment in your life. It might also mean that you are a slave to materialism and opulence and no matter how hard you try, you just can’t seem to shake off the feeling of wanting to indulge in luxurious living. You might be aware that this kind of lifestyle is leading you down the rabbit hole, but you have that feeling of not having any form of control over your actions or urges.'
    ,'Devil Reversed\nfreedom, release, restoring control\nThe upside down meaning of the Devil card can be the moment when an individual becomes self-aware and breaks all of the chains that come with addiction and poor habits. It might be because they are tired of running in circles and are in need of change.'
    ,'Temperance\nmiddle path, patience, finding meaning\nThe Temperance card implies that you have a clear vision and know what you want to achieve. This is an indication of higher learning, which is a critical attribute in the journey of life. It reflects that you have found peace with what you are doing and everything is unfolding as it ought to. The Temperance card, in relation to other people, shows that you are able to adapt and work in harmony with your community, your coworkers and your loved ones. Your calmness in all matters gives them comfort and puts them at ease.'
    ,'Temperance Reversed\nextremes, excess, lack of balance \nTemperance in reversed is a reflection of something that is out of balance and may be causing stress and anxiety. The real meaning of the Temperance card can be deciphered using the other cards in the spread to identify areas where this imbalance is being caused. A Temperance in reversal may also be used as a warning;  if you take a certain path, it would lead to turbulence and excess.'
    ,'Death\nend of cycle, beginnings, change, metamorphosis\nThe real meaning within the Death card is one of the most positive in the whole deck. The Death card signals that one major phase in your life is ending, and a new one is going to start. You just need to close one door, so the new one will open. The past needs to be placed behind you, so you can focus your energy on what is ahead of you.'
    ,'Death Reversed\nfear of change, holding on, stagnation, decay \nThe Death reversal meaning is still about change, but that you have been resisting it. You could be worried about letting go of the past, or you could not be sure of the changes that you need to make to go forward. Resisting the change and holding onto the past can limit your future, which can cause you to feel like you are in limbo. You should take some time to assess the ways that you have been approaching changes in your life. You may find you have been halting the changes that you need due to fears of the unknown. While you can still be afraid, you should trust that you are taking the right steps and move forward. Life moves on, so fighting passing time is only going to leave you with regrets.'
    ,'Hanged Man\nsacrifice, release, martyrdom\nThe Hanged Man card reflects a particular need to suspend certain action. As a result, this might indicate a certain period of indecision. This means that certain actions or decisions which need to be properly implemented are likely to be postponed even if there is an urgency to act at this particular moment. In fact, it would be ultimately the best if you are capable of stalling certain actions in order to ensure that you have more time to reflect on making critical decisions, this will ultimately be the best.'
    ,'Hanged Man Reversed\nstalling, needless sacrifice, fear of sacrifice\nThe reversal meaning of the Hanged Man card represents a very specific period of time during which you feel as if you are sacrificing a significant amount of time while getting nothing in return. You might have felt as if certain things are at a state of an absolute standstill without any particular resolution or movement. It’s as if you are putting your entire effort and attention into something but nothing turns out as it should.'
    ,'Justice\ncause and effect, clarity, truth\nThe decisions that you make now have long-term effects in all things, both for yourself and others. There will always come a time where you will be judged. The Justice tarot card appearing in a reading signals that a judgment will be made fairly and accordingly. The decisions that you have made in the past will be carefully weighed with fairness. Your feelings around this card may differ depending on your situation. If you have been wronged, this cards appearance may bring you relief. On the other hand, if your actions caused pain to others, this card serves as a warning. Her appearance represents a chance for you to change your actions now for a better future. When a tarot card reading shows the figure of justice, it is time to account for your actions.'
    ,'Justice Reversed\ndishonesty, unaccountability, unfairness\nA reversed Justice tarot card could indicate various things. One Justice reversal meaning is to show you are living in denial. You are not willing to accept the consequences of your actions or others. You are running from your guilt. You must however, be aware that these are actions that are in the past. Your future depends on your actions today - and what you will do to tip the scales in balance again. How can you make up for your wrongs? Taking action gives you a chance to change and stop judging yourself. In legal matters, this could represent an unfair outcome of a case that you will not accept.'
    ,'Wheel of Fortune\nchange, cycles, inevitable fate\nThe Wheel of Fortune turns evermore, seemingly to communicate that life is made up of both good and bad times, and that the cycle is one that we cannot control. It is something that is subjected to both kings and workers, and that nobody on earth can avoid what is fated. When you have good moments in your life, make sure that you enjoy to the fullest, for what comes up must always go down. The same is true in reverse - when you are in a bad situation, things will eventually become better again. '
    ,'Wheel of Fortune Reversed\nno control, clinging to control, bad luck\nWhen the wheel is reversed, it means that luck has not been on your side and misfortunes have been following you. When its associated with this card, you must understand that these are due to external influences that you cannot control. Like the wheel, our luck and our fate is always in motion, and sometimes we are on the bottom. Be assured that the wheel will turn again, and you will be okay again soon. '
    ,'Hermit\ncontemplation, search for truth, inner guidance\nThe Hermit is a seeker for the knowledge that comes from within. A lonely wanderer in the path of the night, he searches for that which can only be gained with long periods of solitude - the inner voice. To hear it, he must disconnect from the crowds whose voices and desires threaten to overcome his own. He walks through the dark night of his unconscious, guided only by the low light of the northern star, with his destination being his home, his self.'
    ,'Hermit Reversed\nloneliness, isolation, lost your way\nWhen reversed, you are perhaps in a situation where youd like to be alone; there is nothing wrong about that. However, there is a possibility that your seclusion may become harmful to both yourself and others. Though the Hermit sets forwards with noble intentions to search for his inner truth, his path inward may also be filled with great danger. Going inward may lead to madness and the abyss, for the unconscious is filled with images that he may not yet understand, lurking and waiting to lure you ever inside. Like a man that gets lost in his own dreams, the hermit may find himself stuck in a world of his own, alone, trapped, unreal. You must learn to balance your need for truth with connection to your fellow human.'
    ,'Strength\ninner strength, bravery, compassion, focus\nWhen you get the Strength card in an upright manner during your tarot reading, then it shows that you have inner strength and fortitude during moments of danger and distress. It shows that you have the ability to remain calm and strong even when your life is going through immense struggle. It also shows that you are a compassionate person and you always have time for other people even if its at your own expense.'
    ,'Strength Reversed\nself doubt, weakness, insecurity\nAn upside down Strength card can mean that you are (or about to) experience an intense anger or fear in your life. You seem to be lacking the inner strength that this card normally represents, meaning you might be experiencing fear, and a lack of conviction and confidence in your own abilities. This can mean that you have forgotten all about your passions and the kind of joy, happiness, and fulfillment that came with doing what you love. A reversed strength card in a reading might also mean that one is experiencing depression because of a number of reasons and because of that, it is draining all of the happiness from their lives.'
    ,'Chariot\ndirection, control, willpower\nThe Chariot tarot card is all about overcoming challenges and gaining victory through maintaining control of your surroundings. This perfect control and confidence allows the charioteer to emerge victorious in any situation. The use of strength and willpower are critical in ensuring that you overcome the obstacles that lie in your path. The Chariots message comes to make you stronger as you strive to achieve your goals. The key message that he brings to you is that you must maintain focus, confidence, and determination through a process that will be full of winding turns and detours. '
    ,'Chariot Reversed\nlack of control, lack of direction, aggression\nThe reversed Chariots appearance in a reading can help you become aware of both your aggression, and your lack of willpower. It may either be saying that you are lacking in focus, motivation or direction, or that you are being warped by your obsession with your goals. In the former case, let the Chariot be a reminder that you can emerge victorious as long as you can gather the courage to do so. In the latter, your impulses may be another factor that you must rein in. To see the Chariot in reverse may suggest that you need to come to terms with the fact that you cannot always be in control.'
    ,'Lovers\npartnerships, duality, union\nThe primary meaning within the Lovers is harmony, attractiveness, and perfection in a relationship. The trust and the unity that the lovers have gives each of them confidence and strength, empowering the other. The bond that they have created is very strong, and it can indicate that the two are joined in marriage, and other close and intimate relationships.'
    ,'Lovers Reversed\nloss of balance, one-sidedness, disharmony\nThe Lovers reversed can point to both inner and outer conflicts that you are dealing with. The disharmony can make daily life difficult and could be putting pressure on your relationships. You should take time to think about what you are punishing yourself for, so you can fix them or let them go. At this time, you should also think about your personal values and belief system to make sure that they are aligned with what you want from your life. A break in communication could be another possible interpretation. The foundation for your relationships may be cut off, creating an imbalance between you and your partner or loved ones. The unity normally present within the card has become lopsided. '
    ,'Hieerophant\ntradition, conformity, morality, ethics\nTo see the Hierophant in a reading is to embrace the conventional, for it suggests that you have a certain desire to actually follow a process which has been well established. It also suggests that you want to stay within certain conventional bounds of what could be considered an orthodox approach. So, instead of being innovative, you will be adapting to certain beliefs and systems which are already put in place and are existing.'
    ,'Hieerophant Reversed\nrebellion, subversiveness, new approaches\nWhen you see the Hierophant in reverse, it may mean that you are feeling particularly restricted and even constrained from too many structures and rules. As a result, you have lost quite a lot of control as well as flexibility in your life. You have a particularly strong will and desire to go ahead and regain control as well as to break free from the shackles of convention. You are tempted to try unorthodox approaches or to function in a way which defies social ties and norms. The Hierophant reversal meaning is mostly about questioning certain traditions and making sure that whatever it is that you do is the right thing for you in this certain moment.'
    ,'Emperor\nauthority, structure, control, fatherhood\nIt’s all about control when it comes to the Emperor, for this card means authority, regulation, organization and a fatherliness. The Emperor represents a strategic thinker who sets out plans that he must see through. He is a symbol of the masculine principle - the paternal figure in life that gives structure, creates rules and systems, and imparts knowledge. Where the Empress"s desire for their kingdom is to create happiness, the emperor desires to foster honor and discipline. He guides with a firm hand, following the calling of the crown above all else. Though he is a ruler, he understands that to reign is also to serve - thus he acts rationally and according to what is for the greater good of the kingdom.'
    ,'Emperor Reversed\ntyranny, rigidity, coldness\nThe Emperor reversed is a sign of abused authoritative power. In your social life, it can manifest in the overreach of power from a father figure or a possessive partner. In career readings, it could be coming from a superior. It presents a man who wants to take control of your actions and makes you feel powerless.  It could also be that you are playing the part of a weak ruler, hatching a plan to avoid the tasks that come with having responsibility. Perhaps you aspire for a career that is more flexible than one that is governed by strict rules.'
    ,'Empress\nmotherhood, fertility, nature\nThe Empress shows us how deeply we are embedded to our femininity. Femininity could be associated with fertility, expression, creativity and nurturing among many other aspects. It therefore calls you to connect with beauty and bring happiness to your life. Understand yourself and get in touch with your sensuality so that you can attract life circumstances to bring happiness and joy. She is a signal that be kind to yourself, to take care of yourself.'
    ,'Empress Reversed\ndependence, smothering, emptiness, nosiness\nThe Empress reversed indicates that you have lost too much of your own willpower and strength because you have started placing too much effort and concern to other people’s affairs. While the Empress’s nature is of showering her loved ones with attention and care, this can sometimes go overboard. You might be neglecting your own needs, or even smothering the ones you love with your well-intentioned actions.\nIn a role reversal, perhaps a reversed Empress is finding her way into your life; it could also mean that you are relying on others to take care of you, and make decisions for you. You need to work towards removing this influence on your life, and build confidence in your own actions. Always try as much as you can to ensure that you solve matters on your own.'
    ,'High Priestess\nintuitive, unconscious, inner voice\nThe meaning of the High Priestess is related with inner knowledge. Her appearance in a reading can signify that it is time for you to listen to your intuition rather than prioritizing your intellect and conscious mind. When the High Priestess shows up it can depict an archetype known as the divine feminine - the mysterious female that understands and holds the answers to the deep unknowns; religion, self, nature. She represents someone that is intuitive, and beginning to open to her or his spirituality. Meditation, prayer and new spiritual work is indicated. '
    ,'High Priestess Reversed\nlack of center, lost inner voice, repressed feelings \nWhen it comes to the High Priestess reversed, it can mean that you are finding it difficult to listen to your intuition. It is time for you to meditate and try new approach, for at this moment, the rational approach will not work. Something has been telling you to follow your gut, but you may be ignoring the call. There is a lot of confusion around you, and your actions may feel contrary to what you know is right. You must never be afraid to ask questions of yourself that may illuminate a new path forward for you, one that is more authentic to your inner self and your individual values.'
    ,'Magician\nwillpower, desire, creation, manifestation\nThe Magician is the representation of pure willpower. With the power of the elements and the suits, he takes the potential innate in the fool and molds it into being with the power of desire. He is the connecting force between heaven and earth, for he understands the meaning behind the words "as above so below" - that mind and world are only reflections of one another. Remember that you are powerful, create your inner world, and the outer will follow.'
    ,'Magician Reversed\ntrickery, illusions, out of touch\nWhen you obtain the Magician reversed, it might mean its time for you to implement some changes. While right side up, the Magician represents true power, the reversed Magician is a master of illusion. The magic that he performs is one of deception and trickery. You may be lured in by the showmanship of his arts, but behind that there may be an intention to manipulate for selfish gain. Getting this card might mean that there is someone who pretends to have your best interests at hand when the opposite is true. '
    ,'Fool\ninnocence, new beginnings, free spirit\nThe Fool card is numbered 0, which is considered to be a number of infinite potential. Consider him a blank slate, for The Fool has yet to develop a clear personality. He is the symbol of innocence - his journey to come will shape his character yet.\nTo see the The Fool generally means a beginning of a new journey, one where you will be filled with optimism and freedom from the usual constraints in life. When we meet him, he approaches each day as an adventure, in an almost childish way. He believes that anything can happen in life and there are many opportunities that are lying out there, in the world, waiting to be explored and developed. He leads a simple life, having no worries, and does not seem troubled by the fact that he cannot tell what he will encounter ahead.'
    ,'Fool Reversed\nrecklessness, taken advantage of, inconsideration \nWhen you land on the reversed Fool in your reading, you can generally find his more negative characteristics being on display. It can mean that you are literally acting like a fool by disregarding the repercussions of your actions. Like the youth depicted in the card, you dont see how dangerous of a position you find yourself in.\nA reversed Fool card can show that you are living in the moment and not planning for the future. The reversed Fool meaning serves as caution that you should be more aware so as not to be taken advantage of.'
    ,'Ace of Wands\ncreation, willpower, inspiration, desire\nWhen you draw the Ace of Wands, it is an indicator that you should just go for it. Take the chance and pursue an idea that you have in mind. Take the first steps to start the creative project. The Ace of Wands calls out to you to follow your instincts. If you think that the project that youve been dreaming of is a good idea, and then just go ahead and do it. '
    ,'Ace of Wands Reversed\nlack of energy, lack of passion, boredom\nThe reversed Ace of Wands indicates trials and tribulations that you will face in the near future. You might not have any direction, which leads to being uninspired or unmotivated. At this point of your life, you might not know what you really want to do. You don’t know how to get out of the slump.\nIn the case that you already have a goal, you are not excited to achieve it. When you draw a reversed Ace of Wands, you should consider taking some time off to allow inspiration to come to you. You feel weighed down by your current commitments and responsibilities that you can’t come up with new ideas, or muster the passion to push forward in your projects.'
    ,'Two of Wands\nplanning, making decisions, leaving home\nThe Two of Wands is a more mature version of the ace of wands, meaning that that this tarot card is all about planning and moving forward – progression. Look at it this way; you have already set out to achieve a particular task, which means you have turned an idea into a realistic plan. Such a plan will require fulfillment and therefore you have to progress from just having the plan to actually achieving what you set out for.'
    ,'Two of Wands Reversed\nfear of change, playing safe, bad planning\nThe Two of Wands reversed meaning suggests the need to set up long-term goals. Begin the process of setting up your goals by identifying what to you is important. Proceed by planning how you intend on achieving such goals.\nAnother Two of Wands reversal meaning suggests that you have ignored important fine points associated with planning your future. Lack of proper planning could be the reason for your downfall.\nOther interpretations can include either overconfidence or lack of patience, both are possible in bringing you disarray in your path forward.'
    ,'Three of Wands\nlooking ahead, expansion, rapid growth\nThe meaning of the Three of Wands hints that you are planning or going to plan for the future with more conviction. This could mean that everything around your plans is going smoothly, as you have taken the time to plan your future, and are taking steps to turn plans into action. It hints that you are perhaps creating a stable foundation for yourself.\nThe symbolism within the Three of Wands is that opportunities that can take place to widen your horizons in many areas. It also is a warning to keep your mind open as better opportunities could open up to you. As you take steps towards achieving what you set out to do, you are also becoming more aware of opportunities that are coming your way, and this could be take you out of your comfort zone. This pushes you to sometimes embrace change, and to start thinking in the long-term.'
    ,'Three of Wands Reversed\nobstacles, delays, frustration\nThe reversed Three of Wands indicates that you may have been embarking on personal journeys or developments, but you have not received the achievements that you were hoping for. This could be due to delays or road blocks. Despite all this, the card reminds you that all of your work has not been for nothing, but rather that it has helped you with your personal strength and fortitude.\nThe Three of Wands reversed can also mean you need to take some time to plan your future. This is especially true if you have not started on your long term goals or have become overwhelmed by the tasks that you face now, or will have to face soon. You are only reacting and not acting with thought and deliberation'
    ,'Four of Wands\n community, home, celebration\nThe overall meaning of the Four of Wands is that it heralds celebration as well as a harmonious, happy and relaxed home environment. In terms of numerology, the number four symbolizes stability as well as particularly reliable foundations. These are associated with a period of happiness and balance.\nThe symbolism within the Four of Wands poses that this is the perfect time for you to get together with close people such as friends and family. This could be with or without any special occasion. Oftentimes the card is known to reflect a period of holidays when you are together with your friends and family for an extended period of time. It might also be suggesting for you to invite your closest friends for a great and intimate dinner and share a laugh or two.'
    ,'Four of Wands Reversed\nlack of support, transience, home conflicts\nIf the upright position of the card reflects balance, stability, and harmony, the reversal position of Four of Wands implies that there is a breakdown or complete lack of harmony in your family or in your home. It’s highly likely that there is a lot of tension between the members of your family or other loved ones. If you have completed something that is important to you, you are expecting to share it with those that are closest to you, and to come home to a welcome celebration, but instead, you find a lack of support. This may leave you feeling rather uncertain when it comes to your own relationships as well as the things that you can and cannot depend on.'
    ,'Five of Wands\ncompetition, rivalry, conflict\nFive of Wands suggests that there is form of conflict in one’s life. This may be an existing conflict or one that is brewing and may eventually blow up in ones face. It may also depict a problem in communication, for example in a situation where no one really wants to listen to the other - meaning that no agreement or understanding takes place. The five men may signify problems in a group of people who are not patient enough to listen to what anyone else is saying. They only want to be heard, and since none of the others will listen, they all argue at once.'
    ,'Five of Wands Reversed\navoiding conflict, respecting differences\nThe Five of Wands reversed meaning can be that your natural method of dealing with disagreements is avoiding any kind of conflict by getting away from that place as fast as you can. Sometimes this can be regarded as a good thing, but other times, it may lead to a number of issues that are brewing up within you, for which you will have to address soon. On the other hand, it can also mean that you have worked through your troubles and that you do not have any more issues to worry about.'
    ,'Six of Wands \nvictory, success, public reward\nThis particular card is all about public recognition, victory, and success. Not only have you managed to properly succeed in achieving all of your goals, but you are also being publicly acknowledged for them and the results that you’ve managed to attain. You may have received an award or some sort of public acclaim.\nThe card is indicative that you have managed to harness the strengths and talents that you have within you in an attempt to bring a particularly successful outcome in your life. You have managed to properly get through the confusion which is brought by the card before this one – the Five of Wands, and managed to properly minimize distractions, thus successfully focusing on your goals and achieving them.'
    ,'Six of Wands Reversed\nexcess pride, lack of recognition, punishment\nWhen the card is reversed, this suggests that you might find yourself doubting all of your abilities as well as your overall potential to achieve any kind of success. You might be feeling particularly negative about your entire self as if you have failed others as well as yourself. This is a symbol that means that you lack the confidence and drive that you need to achieve. You need the overall support as well as recognition of third parties in order to pick you up, to emotionally provide you with some much-needed strength.'
    ,'Seven of Wands\nperseverance, defensive, maintaining control\nThe Seven of Wands has a similar in meaning to the Five of Wands; both cards indicate struggles after the initial fulfillment and satisfaction of an event. The Seven of Wands however is different as it is is about the struggle that you need to go through to maintain your position, rather than to attain it. This is about the difficulties we face to continue to have success. You should be ready for the competition to you defend your title, and to prove yourself. Others are going to desire the same results that you do, so you need to stay ahead of the them.'
    ,'Seven of Wands Reversed\ngive up, destroyed confidence, overwhelmed\nThe Seven of Wands reversal meaning is that you could be feeling overwhelmed by all the responsibilities and challenges that you are facing. This can make it difficult to see the whole picture. You can also feel that you have to compete and compare yourself to other people, which leaves you feeling vulnerable and inadequate.\nThe Seven of Wands reversal meaning can also reflect your feelings of being criticized and judged constantly by others. Your friends and family could be questioning you about your decisions and choices, and you feel overwhelmed by their judgement.\nAvoiding conflict and backing down is common with the reversed Seven of Wands. This can lead to unhappiness because you run away from activities and relinquish your goals, when you are challenged by anyone. Remember all that you fought for to be here, and think carefully on whether you truly believe that is worth giving up now. Another reading of the Seven of Wands reversed can also be that you are being too aggressive when you are protecting yourself and damaging your relationships by doing so. '
    ,'Eight of Wands\nrapid action, movement, quick decisions\nThe image depicted by the Eight of Wands means that the difficulties that were brought by the Seven of Wands are finally over. It signifies a strong level of energy which states that different aspects of your life will be trailblazing. Perhaps important news will be coming on your way, and you may experience a sudden, yet steady positive growth. The Eight of Wands meaning may also pertain to your work. There is a chance that the decision that you are waiting for will come your way soon. You need to be patient and just wait for it.'
    ,'Eight of Wands Reversed\npanic, waiting, slowdown\nJust like the upward Eight of Wands, the Eight of Wands reversed meaning is generally associated with patience. There is a possibility that you are feeling frustrated about something. You might now see that what you set in motion earlier created the obstacles that you are discovering right now. It is time for you to understand that you cannot change the past. You must forgive yourself, and adapt your strategy.\nIn terms of work, there may be an existing disagreement in your office. You need to settle this quickly in order to avoid derailing any major issue. Breathe, think and try to relax. Be patient and believe that everything will be just fine. The Eight of Wands reversal meaning on love may pertain to possible jealousy. The jealousy that you are feeling right now has no basis and will just affect your good relationship with your partner. In the aspect of Health and Spirituality, you need to improve your focus, cooperation, and determination. The energy of the card will just dissipate if you are losing your focus.'
    ,'Nine of Wands\nresilience, grit, last stand\nThe Nine of Wands tarot card is one that symbolizes great hope even when one is faced by many problems that threaten to make them lose their balance. The Nine of Wands symbolizes ones life, which has undergone too many trials but through their determination and will, they were able to overcome them. These won battles are symbolized by the eight upright wands; however, there are still more trials that the person may face. This can be one major trial or challenge that they are supposed to face for them to reach their goals or be successful in their quest. The card is a sign of hope and encouragement that you should face your trials with courage so that you may attain success.'
    ,'Nine of Wands Reversed\nexhaustion, fatigue, questioning motivations\nThe Nine of Wands reversed shows a person who may not be a risk taker; they may not want to make a long-term move or commitment since they are afraid that they may not be able to come out of it. They are mistrustful and hence have created a boundary between themselves and others which is turning to be their own personal prison. You may be afraid that you do not have enough resources to face some upcoming challenges, which is why you may be open to running away or avoiding it.\nHowever, this is a situation that needs to change since this could be your self-created restriction to prevent you from attaining the new heights you need to grow. It encourages you to be brave, but also be careful not to make careless or hasty decisions that may cost you in future.\nThe Nine of Wands may be an indication of a great personal fear or mentality that could affect you. Hence, it is important that you do something to deal with it before fear consumes you and prevents you from moving onward.'
    ,'Ten of Wands \naccomplishment, responsibility, burden\nThis card shows that you have already completed the circle of struggle. After spending too many resources and lots of energy looking for success, you have finally overcome the obstacles. The sweat off your brow was worth it - your efforts have finally been rewarded. You may find yourself living in a world of abundance where poverty and suffering have no chance to intervene.\nAlthough it sounds marvelous and satisfying, the card depicts a lot of responsibilities on your side. You are now the sole problem solver in your circle of family and friends which could even propel you into another world of challenges. At this point, you are also flooded with responsibilities to maintain your success. The businesses that you have started are flourishing and keeping you on your toes. The main problem is that these issues could overwhelm you if you lose control, which requires you to make sure that you know how to prioritize and solve the relevant ones.'
    ,'Ten of Wands Reversed\ninability to delegate, overstressed, burnt out \nWhen the Ten of Wands card is reversed, it indicates that you are truly burdened by circumstances which are not necessary in your life. Look around and see what is bothering you that will not positively impact yourself even if you rectify it. Drop them all and be a free being that can think soberly and do things accurately. Anything that does not add value in your life is not worth your time, so let it go.'
    ,'Page of Wands \nexploration, excitement, freedom,\nWhen we see the Page of Wands, we see a youth with enormous excitement and curiosity for the world. He knows what to do, he has the passion to succeed, but due to his inexperience and maybe a little fear of the unknown, his ideas remain abstract. He identifies new worlds to explore, new opportunities he could take advantage of quite easily, and he is even gifted with the "big picture" vision needed to succeed. Even with all of this, he still has the tendency to either remain dormant, or get easily distracted with one idea after the other. If he doesnt learn to control this, it might be that he squanders the opportunities to advance himself.'
    ,'Page of Wands Reversed\nlack of direction, procrastination, creating conflict \nWith the Page of Wands reversed, it tends to emphasize the more negative character traits of the upright version. He tends to show up when your mind is filled with one great idea after another, and are unable to progress beyond the beginning planning stages. Perhaps you have started a project or a hobby expecting that it would grow to great levels and instead you end up nowhere. As painful as it is, it is a good way of telling you that you should venture into other meaningful projects and avoid wasting time.'
    ,'Queen of Wands\ncourage, determination, joy\nIn general, the Queen of wands in a reading meaning may depict a person of extreme focus and fiery passion. She is courageous and individualistic, though at times she may appear self-centered. They have a positive and an uplifting energy; they represent someone who is willing to be by your side and stand up for you. '
    ,'Queen of Wands Reversed\nselfishness, jealousy, insecurities\nRegardless of its position (upright or reversed) the Queen of Wands symbolizes fertility, and all the feelings, emotions, and aspects that it brings. It may mean that there is someone who needs your help right now. In terms of work, there is a probability that you will encounter obstacles that will hamper your progress. Do not mind these obstacles and continue doing your job as you see fit. To see this card may also be a reminder to adhere to your rational side - to balance your sometimes chaotic energy with clear though, and you will be more successful.'
    ,'King of Wands\nbig picture, leader, overcoming challenges\nThe meaning of the upright position of the King of Wands represents pure energy. Unlike the other wands cards in the deck however, this particular one is not focused on pure creativity. Instead, this king is actually way more likely to take an idea and to decisively implement it himself. The King of Wands is a natural born leader of people, and he is also extremely capable. Once the king sets for himself a certain aim or a goal, he is going to conveniently stick to it in order to ensure that it becomes a reality.'
    ,'King of Wands Reversed\nimpulsive, overbearing, unachievable expectations\nThe negative aspect of the card is associated, as you may guess, with a feeling of arrogance. He can even be rather aggressive in the actual pursuit of his goals, regardless of whether he’s actually conscious or not of it. He wouldn’t show restraint, nor even the humbleness to know when his assistance isn’t actually required.\nWhen reversed, the card depicts a personality which is prone to taking rash, impulsive and hasty decisions. This person could be pushy, overbearing as well as dominating at times. Even though he might rarely do this with a sense of malice or with an intention to make someone feel submissive, this is without a doubt a part of his character that one can be frustrated at.'
    ,'Knight of Wands\naction, adventure, fearlessness\nThe Knight of Wands symbolism is straightforward. When it appears, it means a great time to get away and travel. The person should feel charged up and full of life. One is also ready to get things done. He is adventurous and can find fun things to do no matter where he is. There is never a dull moment when the Knight of Wands is around. When the Knight of Wands shows up in a reading it seems to suggest that the seeker wants to complete important tasks. One wants to impress others with one’s knowledge and skill. The card also shows up when the person is planning to move to another place of residence.\nIf you are starting a creative project, then you should do so with lots of energy and enthusiasm. However, you should balance it with realistic and well-rounded views. You should also have a plan that takes into account the consequences of your actions.'
    ,'Knight of Wands Reversed\nanger, impulsiveness, recklessness\nWhen you get a reversed Knight of Wands, it indicates frustrations and delays. You may feel angry and that you are not getting anywhere. A reversed Knight of Wands can translate to a loss of power. You may be trying to compensate for something that you don’t have total control over - this might lead to pessimism and loss of self-esteem.'
    ,'Ace of Cups\nnew feelings, spirituality, intuition\nGetting the Ace of Cups upright shows that its time to let loose of whatever emotional baggage you have and start living your life to the fullest. Like with all the other aces, there is a new beginning that is indicated here - a chance to start fresh. It might come in the form of opening yourself up to the possibilities of new relationships, romantic or otherwise, that have the ability to make you emotionally fulfilled.\nThe release indicated by this card may either be spiritual or emotional, depending on what you are going through. The Ace of Cups may come to a reading after a long period of being lonely or enduring something that deeply hurt you emotionally, and its appearance may be there to herald the turning over a new leaf.'
    ,'Ace of Cups Reversed\nemotional loss, blocked creativity, emptiness\nWhen the Ace of Cups is overturned, the image here is clearest - the waters pour out of the cup, it becomes empty, the gift of its waters are being wasted. Seeing the Ace of Cups upside down during your reading means you have been enduring emotional instability or pain for some time. There is a loss that is indicated here, and perhaps something that has meant much to you is no longer giving you the joy that it once had. \nSince the cups also govern creativity, you may also be experiencing a creative block of sorts, and where the waters of inspiration once flowed, they have now dried up. '
    ,'Two of Cups\nunity, partnership, connection\nTo see the Two of Cups is an indication of a partnership that is built on the union of forces, a strong connection and a balanced and equal partnership. The exchange of cups suggest that each partys emotions are intertwined with the others, and each participants feelings have profound affects on the other. A strong pair is indicated here, the joy of two becoming one.'
    ,'Two of Cups Reversed\nimbalance, broken communication, tension\nWhen reversed, the Two of Cups can mean that the balance that was once there is broken. This balance was an integral part of keeping the individuals together, but to break it is to create disconnection and discord. The negative energy of two forces is present, and instead of them joining or attracting, they seem to repel each other.\nYou may be finding that certain small details that were not problems before are coming into play, signaling that one party may have resentments. A line of communication that allowed you and the other party to openly talk about disagreements has been cut off, only worsening the cycle of resentment and imbalance.'
    ,'Three of Cups\nfriendship, community, happiness\nThe meaning behind the Three of Cups represents a period of happiness. You will be able to forget the worries of your daily life and spend quality time with family and friends.\nTo see the Three of Cups can indicate a happy reunion with a long lost friend, relative, or loved one. It can also mean a celebration, whether it is your own or for someone who you love. The event can be a birthday, wedding, or any other happy occasion. In general, it is about spending quality time with people you cherish in your life. '
    ,'Three of Cups Reversed\noverindulgence, gossip, isolation\nWhen the Three of Cups is reversed, it means that you may have no time to socialize or go out with friends. You may be too busy with school or work that you can’t spare some time to have fun. The Three of Cups reversed can also mean losing touch with some of your friends. As time passes, you may find that you are growing apart from one another. When we grow older, we must put in effort to make sure that our friendships are not neglected.\nAlternatively, the Three of Cups reversed can mean that there is a lack of balance and harmony within your social circle. Gossip and scandal can rear their ugly heads. Perhaps there is envy hidden within this circle, and as a result, you are feeling isolated. '
    ,'Four of Cups\napathy, contemplation, disconnectedness\nThe Four of Cups tend to appear when you are feeling discouraged and unmotivated. You may feel as if there is no solution or way forward in your situation. Life has become stagnant, and nothing seems to make you happy or passionate. You are feeling apathetic - regardless of what happens, whether the day is good or bad, none of it matters to you. The Four of Cups commands a self-evaluation of your attitude so that you can pull yourself out of this rut. The solution is likely right in front of you, the hand is offering you a way out, but you release yourself out of your mental stubbornness and deploy new approach.'
    ,'Four of Cups Reversed\nsudden awareness, choosing happiness, acceptance \nWhile in the upright four of cups, you may be suffering from apathy and ignore the opportunities that the universe offers you, the reversed four of cups signals the desire to have a new start.\nThe sudden awareness of the transient beauty of life may strike you now, while previously you may have been too deeply disconnected from yourself to see it. You are coming to the understanding that though life is not perfect, there is beauty in it, and joy comes from choosing to see this beauty.'
    ,'Five of Cups\nloss, grief, self-pity\nThe Five of Cups symbolizes disappointment, and the feelings that come when things go differently as you expected. You are feeling unhappy that a certain situation hasn’t really turned out the way you have hoped it would. Instead of moving towards a more positive perspective, this card seems to say that you are dwelling in the past, inducing feelings of self-pity and regret. The water which is actually spilled from the cups shows that you might have missed an opportunity. It also shows that the problem is mostly emotional and not material or financial.'
    ,'Five of Cups Reversed\nacceptance, moving on, finding peace \nWhen the card is reversed, the Five of Cups shows a significant recovery from the regret as well as proper acceptance of your past. You are beginning to realize all of the implications of your actions, and you have finally come to appreciate the lessons which can be learned from that experience.\nYou may even start to recognize the overall value of the painful experience you had in the larger scheme of things. You are seeing that the suffering and grief that you endured gave you strength and imbued you with resilience. You are ready to pick up the two remaining cups which are still full and go on with your life in full force.'
    ,'Six of Cups\nfamiliarity, happy memories, healing\nThe Six of Cups upright generally represents generosity, naïve happiness, and childhood. It can stand for you wanting to return to a happier time, whether it was when you were a child, teenager, or young adult. Many times, these memories are things of the past, which reflect the aspects of ourselves that have vanished. You may feel that remembering these times is the only way to feel happy. The Six of Cups appearing in a reading seems to indicate that while we may look upon the past with a happy eye, we must avoid living in it.\nThe Six of Cups can also mean that you are be returning to a familiar place. This could be your hometown, an old friend’s home, a school, or any place that holds a lot of meaning for you. You are seeking to reconnect with people from your past. Bringing back old memories reminds us of our childhood, a time when things were simple'
    ,'Six of Cups Reversedmoving forward, leaving home, independence \nThe Six of Cups reversed can mean that you are clinging to the past. You should explore your memories, but you should not allow yourself to remain there. While you may find it comforting to be in the security of home, you must also learn to forge your own path. The past should be used as a guide for the future. Learn to focus on the present, and truly be aware.\nAnother reading of the Six of Cups reversed is that you may feel as though you are disconnected from your childhood self, and that childs dreams, which may sometimes be unrealistic. Not reaching these goals can be painful, but sometimes reality carves a path for you that you must follow, and you shouldnt blame yourself for your choices. Take the time to think about where you want to be now and how you can reach your goals, instead of just dreaming about them.'
    ,'Seven of Cups\nsearching for purpose, choices, daydreaming\nTo draw the Seven of Cups in a reading shows that you need to clearly see the shadows and visions in your imagination, not only in your dreams but also in the real world. You should be careful of wishful thinking and be alert of the choices that you make. In one sense, the Seven of Cups indicates that you are a dreamer who is both excited and afraid of the things that you see in your unconscious. In another, the Seven of Cups is a reminder that although it is good to have dreams and wishes, it is even better to take action attaining those dreams. At one point in life, you will need to stop fantasizing and face the reality of life.\nIf you are unable to make a decision due to the many options that are available, you should evaluate the advantages and disadvantages of each option so as to make the best choice. It is important to exercise caution when you are making your decision, as the card itself seems to show there is not only wonders and treasures that are available to you, but also monsters and shadows.'
    ,'Seven of Cups Reversed\nlack of purpose, diversion, confusion \nThe Seven of Cups reversal is somewhat similar to the upright, as they both indicate dreams, illusions and temptations, but seem to emphasize the more negative qualities of this card. Your views may be inclined towards fantasy, and not grounded in reality. It may imply that you are unclear about the things that you are searching for.\nThe Seven of Cups reversed may also demonstrates your unwillingness to face the realities of life, and you are seeking to escape through imagination and daydreaming.'
    ,'Eight of Cups\nwalking away, disillusionment, leaving behind\nThe Eight of Cups signifies time for change or transition, by means of walking away from something. Just like a caterpillar has to die before transforming into a beautiful butterfly, we all need to transform ourselves in our lives from time to time. This is the case especially after being tired of living what was the day to day, and embarking on a journey that will help one have a deeper understanding about life in general.'
    ,'Eight of Cups Reversed\navoidance, fear of change, fear of loss\nGetting the reversed Eight of Cups can show that one is in a state of confusion about which path they are supposed to take. The confusion usually arises from not knowing what is best for you and in the end, drifting in a sea of uncertainty is going to be the resulting effect.\nOne is likely to find themselves being aimless and not having clear cut goals in their lives. And in the end, they almost always end up following wherever the waves of life take them.\nOn the other hand, you may be aware of what you need to do. There is something that in your life that has for a long time stopped bringing you joy or pleasure, and though your souls desire is to fly away from it, you find yourself remaining. The thought of leaving the security of what you have built fills you with fear - you are scared of both change and of losing something that has given you great comfort. '
    ,'Nine of Cups\nsatisfaction, emotional stability, luxury\nAfter a long journey, the Nine of Cups symbolizes the finding of self-satisfaction. The emotional journey of the cups is starting to come to a close after the volatile ups and downs you faced in the earlier numbers of this suit. You have struggled to find purpose and joy after loss, you have tasted the different things that life offers, and you have left comfort in order to find greater heights. Here, you have found them, and you are indulging yourself as you celebrate this new stage of your life.\nWhen we look at the Nine of Cups, it can initially seem like one of the most pleasant cards that may appear during a reading. This is also referred as the wish card, which means that the things that you desire for, or your most perfect dream is bound to happen. The Nine of Cups is normally associated with extreme happiness and satisfaction. '
    ,'Nine of Cups Reversed\nlack of inner joy, smugness, dissatisfaction\nWhen the Nine of Cups is reversed, you need to think more carefully about the things that you really want in your life. The Nine of Cups reversed can signify that you are looking for a more authentic feeling of fulfillment.\nYour path has been a hard one, and youve arrived at a period where you may have the appearance of fulfillment, but something else is missing. This may outwardly appear as smugness, and can indicate your desire to receive attention and recognition for all that you have achieved. But you personally still feel dissatisfaction in yourself - it seems as though your desires are never-ending, a black hole. Where does this stem from? In what parts of yourself are you lacking confidence?'
    ,'Ten of Cups\ninner happiness, fulfillment, dreams coming true\nFrom its joyful depiction, we can assume that the Ten of Cups embody happiness, joy, contentment and emotional satisfaction in your family, relationship or companion. It represents an idyllic state of comfort, harmony, peace and love which makes you feel like you are in paradise. This is where all your dreams, wants, needs and wishes have been fulfilled, and you feel a complete sense of satisfaction. Take a moment and breathe, look around you and be thankful for all your blessings. This card signifies something that so many of us are searching for.'
    ,'Ten of Cups Reversed\nshattered dreams, broken family, domestic disharmony\nWhen the Ten of Cups is reversed, the strong bonds that one forges with family and community are broken, or twisted. The Ten of Cups is truly the most "happily ever after" card, but somehow this idealized image of domestic peace and comfort is broken, or was unrealistic all along. Instead of connections, you may find distance. Instead of coming together, you may be pulling apart.\nYour hopes for happy times and special moments seem to not meet your expectations. You should learn to treat each other well, love each other and care for each other. This is the best way to ensure that you retain your harmonious living.'
    ,'Page of Cups\nhappy surprise, dreamer, sensitivity\nOne of the most important meanings within the Page of Cups is that you should be open to new ideas, especially ones that stem from intuitive inspiration. The card seems to state that such inspiration should be embraced, despite it being something that you may not expect. It could lead you to adventure and open many doors. If it is a calling of a creative nature, for example, one to get into music or art, theres an especially strong push from this card to go for it.\nWhen you are being faced by difficult situations, and you have stopped chasing your dreams, the Page of Cups seems to say that you that you should tackle the issue from a totally different perspective. It symbolizes persistence as this is the only way that you can make your dreams come true. Listen to your intuition, follow your calling, and believe everything is possible.'
    ,'Page of Cups Reversed\nemotional immaturity, insecurity, disappointment\nOne Page of Cups reversal meaning is that you are undergoing a block in your creativity. There are things or projects that you find interesting, but you seem to do them for other reasons than for the joy of it. You may be doing them for money, for fame, or something else. A reversed Page of Cups could indicate that you should remember the joy that your projects brought you in the first place to reclaim your imaginative spirit.Another Page of Cups reversal meaning is that it can symbolize a troubled person. One who is afraid of reality whether it’s emotional, financial, illness or something else. They find these issues difficult to face, perhaps leading to abuse of alcohol or drugs to escape. It could be an image of you or a loved one who is struggling with self-acceptance.'
    ,'Queen of Cups\ncompassion, calm, comfort\nWe can understand the meaning of the Queen of Cups from taking a closer look at the woman in image. She is seen as compassionate, caring, sensitive, and nurturing. She connects with people on the emotional level, so people enjoy her honesty and fairness. The appearance of the Queen of Cups in a reading can be guiding you to find help from others. Most times, like the other queens, this is a female figure that will come into your life.\nThe Queen of Cups has an intuition which is very powerful, and is only rivaled by the one of the High Priestess. The Queen of Cups acts as a mirror and reflects the depths present in others, so they see themselves in a new light. Most times, the Queen of Cups can also represent the trusted inner voice you have within you. She seems to say that you should take the time to focus on your emotional health before trying to help others. Self-love creates compassion. '
    ,'Queen of Cups Reversed\nmartyrdom, insecurity, dependence\nThe Queen of Cups reversed means that you are not in sync with your emotions. You can also feel restricted in the expressing the way that you truly feel. Most times, bottling up your emotions can be very damaging and will lead to a boiling point in the near future. You may have high levels of stress that you are not able to cope with anymore.\nThe Queen of Cups reversed can also reflect that your mind is wandering too far, and you are letting your imagination run away with itself. While you still mean well, you should take a pause to really see whether your emotions can be trusted, because you are allowing them to control you. You need to take some time to think if these dreams can be turned into reality. You should try to be more emotionally stable during these times, so you will know when your emotions are getting the best of you.'
    ,'King of Cups\ncompassion, control, balance\nThe King of Cups is one of the most influential cards in the suit of Cups. He represents creativity, emotion, and the unconscious. The card shows the ability to restrain ones emotions and be fully in charge of your feelings and impulses. Therefore, the King of Cups represents a balance between the intellect and emotions. He indicates that there is a strong relationship between understanding and feeling.'
    ,'King of Cups Reversed\ncoldness, moodiness, bad advice\nThe King of Cups reversed signals what happens when he is at his worst: volatility, emotional manipulation and moodiness.\nWhen the King of Cups falters, his usual ability to handle situations with compassion and wisdom are turned upside down. He is unable to balance the needs of all that seek his guidance, and while appearing kind to some, may be cold to others. His talent in navigating the emotions of others may be put to dubious uses, manipulating circumstances to fit his needs.'
    ,'Knight of Cups\nfollowing the heart, idealist, romantic\nThe truth is that the Knight of Cups is the most feminine amongst all the Knight cards in the tarot. Its important to note though, that this doesn’t even slightly suggest that he is any less of a worthy knight. It implies that he is in proper touch with his emotions and his intuition, and that he uses them for his own well-being and during his many romance and seduction quests. He is usually quite attractive and charming to others, regardless of their gender. '
    ,'Knight of Cups Reversed\nmoodiness, disappointment\nNow that you are aware of the upright Knight of Cups meaning let’s take a look at what the card says when it is upside down. Reversed, the Knight of Cups means that you allow your emotions to control your life a lot more than you should. You might be overly jealous, emotional or moody. In fact, this could get up to the point of actual incapacity to take action, which is most definitely to be avoided. Jumping to conclusions too fast is characteristic of a reversed Knight of Cups, and making judgements without having the necessary information is very common. '
    ,'Ace of Swords\nbreakthrough, clarity, sharp mind\nAs with all the aces, the Ace of Swords indicates that one is about to experience a moment of breakthrough. With its sharp blade and representing the power of the intellect, this sword has the ability to cut through deception and find truth. In laymans terms, this card represents that moment in which one can see the world from a new point of view, as a place that is filled with nothing but new possibilities. It is, therefore, the best time to work on your goals - as the aces all give green lights, and are signals of waiting opportunities and new beginnings.'
    ,'Ace of Swords Reversed\nconfusion, brutality, chaos\nGetting a reversed Ace of Swords might mean that ones thoughts are confused, unsure and very chaotic. This isn’t a good time for one to make any decisions since they don’t have any clarity on what you should be doing, meaning that the chances of failure can be pretty high.\nAt this time, it would be better to prepare yourself and take baby steps - work methodically as you slowly move towards achieving your goals. This would be a good time to lay back and rationally think your way through each stage rather than acting on impulse, since everything appears in a blur and is not very clear at that moment. It might also be a good time to seek advice since things may not be as they seem.'
    ,'Two of Swords\ndifficult choices, indecision, stalemate\nWhen we see the Two of Swords in a reading, we are encountering a stalemate. Two equal and opposing forces are joined in battle, and there seems to be no end in sight. This wasnt what you had in mind when you chanced to walk down this path, and you find yourself caught in the middle. Without something, or someone to intervene, this may continue indefinitely. We find ourselves in a situation where we must make a choice, we can side with one part of the situation, or we can side with the other. Neither seems particularly appealing, which makes the decision even more difficult. But unless we move past this stalemate, there can be no more progress.'
    ,'Two of Swords Reversal\nlesser of two evils, no right choice, confusion\nThe situation we see in the reversed Two of Swords is a stalemate of a legendary kind, one where two forces are battling each other. This battle can be representative of both something internal or external, and you are forced to be in between and be the decision maker. However, because neither party seems particularly pleasing to work with, you may find yourself confused, the pressure is too much, and you are unable to make a decision.\nWhen you do make the decision, it will be choosing between two bad outcomes. Do not worry, the more important thing here is to make a choice, from then on, we can deal with whatever consequences come.'
    ,'Three of Swords\nheartbreak, suffering, grief\nThe Three of Swords depicts the message of rejection, betrayal, hurt and discouragement. In moments like these, we are well served by the mind. If you can think logically about it and prepare for the experience, the impact of this pain may be minimized.\nBut remember too, that pain and grief are a normal part of life, because they make us appreciate what joy and happiness we have, as well as teaching us. It is through pain that we learn to be avoid mistakes that could lead us into danger and grief. It is therefore a necessity in the journey of life. The Three of Swords therefore is a depiction of suffering that is meant to make us stronger, more careful and more vigilant.'
    ,'Three of Swords Reversal\nrecovery, forgiveness, moving on\nThe Three of Swords reversed indicates that have faced a recent loss, a break-up or a moment of grief. You may be still recovering from this, and your emotions have not completely calmed, making it difficult to move on. Although you may still be thinking of your past suffering, this card may be a signal that its time to let go and look forwards towards life ahead of you, because there is much for you to enjoy.\nMany don’t see this, and they end up being immersed in their own pain for too long, delaying their own recovery process. Don’t focus too much on what happened, renew your emotions and gather your courage. The reversed Three of Swords card is here to let you know that all difficult moments pass - they are not there to stay, and when we fall, we can also rise again.'
    ,'Four of Swords\nrest, restoration, contemplation\nAfter the time of chaos, anger and pain depicted in the Three of Swords, the Four of Swords can signal that it is time to retreat. The Four of Swords is a moment of rest. Whether this is from a choice to withdraw, or whether it is from pure exhaustion, it is not clear. We are still tender from the wounds that were inflicted, and the battle weapons still hang above us as a grim reminder of what was lost. In order to continue and re-emerge in your daily life, you must take the time now to take a breather. There is always the faint fear that something more is bound to happen again and it is advisable that you take all chances to rest.'
    ,'Four of Swords Reversal\nrestlessness, burnout, stress\nAlthough the Four of Swords card in a reading could mean it’s time for healing, a reversed card could mean restlessness. Your heart is willing to relax, but this is not what your mind wants. You feel that you have too much that is depending on you. Following this path is not advised, as it could have affects on your health.\nYou can continue to fight, but sometimes that is ineffectual and you must have enough awareness of your own strength to decide when to back out. To rest, to retreat, is a means of self love sometimes, and though you may try to push ahead, that will only make it difficult for you in the long term.'
    ,'Five of Swords\nunbridled ambition, win at all costs, sneakiness\nThis card indicates that you are engaging in a conflict of some nature. It can also suggest a disagreement with others, which leads to hostility and tension. Despite the fact that you think you’ve won, you might still lose in the big picture, because you have annoyed or hurt those that you have argued with, and as a result, you are on the road to isolating yourself. Perhaps, at the moment, you believed that it was more important to be right rather than appreciate and understand where the other side was coming from.\nRight now, its important to attempt to pick up the pieces. You still have the chance to act while the conflict is still fresh. You may feel as if everyone and everything is against you. You might also lose some friends along the way. This is why you will need to make a significant decision about your point of view. What is more important to you? Mutual progress, or winning? This might require you to stand up to a conflict within yourself.'
    ,'Five of Swords Reversal\nlingering resentment, desire to reconcile, forgiveness\nIn the upright position, the Five of Swords is a card of tension, conflict, and disagreement. The Five of Swords reversal meaning shows you that all you want is for that particular period to be over so that you can forget and forgive. Because you are beginning to understand that winning is not everything, you will be capable of focusing your energy on something a lot more constructive and positive.\nAnother interpretation of this card in reverse is that the conflict you are experiencing is actually going to become more upsetting as you realize that there can only be losers. These are terms that you need to come to grips with'
    ,'Six of Swords\ntransition, leaving behind, moving on\nThe meaning of the Six of Swords is that you are experiencing a transition of some kind, but one that is not happy and filled with regret. This transition will most likely be the result of decisions you made in the past, and now they are forcing you to leave something behind in order to move forward. Despite your sadness, you need to remember that moving on is the ideal option for your future.'
    ,'Six of Swords Reversal\nemotional baggage, unresolved issues, resisting transition\nThe Six of Swords reversed can indicate that you have been trying to move on and make the transitions you need. However, you may be experiencing challenges making these a reality. You may keep returning to the past, whether its because there are issues that are not resolved, or you are questioning your decisions.\nAnother Six of Swords reversal meaning is that you have been resisting the transitions that life is giving you. You may feel that you are being forced into making moves before you wanted to or you do not want to move at all. In this case, you should think about the benefits of the moves, instead of the drawbacks. Like Orpheus in the underworld, you must only look ahead and not backwards, for if you do look backwards, you risk falling apart.'
    ,'Seven of Swords\ndeception, trickery, tactics and strategy\nThe Seven of Swords in general, is said to be about betrayal and deception. When you get this card, it may imply that you or someone else in your life is having difficulty getting away with something. There are instances when we are forced to be sneaky, hoping that we will not be discovered. When we are found out, we have to face the consequences - whether its embarrassment, punishment, or worse. Sometimes this happens when there are instances when you had to think on your feet, and did something that was somewhat shrewd and out of character. Now there is a danger of the secret coming out.'
    ,'Seven of Swords Reversal\ncoming clean, rethinking approach, deception\nThe Seven of Swords reversed can have multiple meanings depending on the context of the other cards within the reading. It can suggest firstly a need to change your approach - the tactics youve been using are not working. While upright, this card can stand for a cunning victory attained by deception and trickery, the reversal can stand for either a more extreme version of such behavior. Or instead, a kind of renewal of conscience. You or someone in your circle may be deciding to unburden themselves with their guilt, and come clean about some piece of manipulation they have been involved in. Trust has been broken, but with a confession, you may be on the road to repairing it. There is a desire here to try and do things in a different way, one that is collaborative rather than independent.'
    ,'Eight of Swords\nimprisonment, entrapment, self-victimization\nThe general meaning in the Eight of Swords is that of a feeling of being trapped and victimized. You may feel powerless because, in your mind, you feel that changing the situation might be beyond you. This feeling of helplessness that you have, the feeling that you have no agency in your life, has played a major role in making your situation worse.\nSurrendering one’s power to an unknown entity, whether its fate, or God, the government or something else means that you are giving away your own personal responsibility to affect change. You have willingly relinquished the drivers seat in the journey of your own life, and it isnt going well for you. It is advisable for you to avoid making an important decision at this time since your judgment is likely clouded.'
    ,'Eight of Swords Reversal\nself acceptance, new perspective, freedom\nGetting the reversed Eight of Swords is a good sign, since it shows maturity and self-acceptance, and a recognition of ones own power and responsibility - especially after a long struggle of doubt. It means that one is capable of making conscious decisions because they are confident in who they are, and their power to affect change in both themselves and the world. Its time to free ones self from the past and proverbially clear out their closet, creating room for new things and experiences.'
    ,'Nine of Swords\nanxiety, hopelessness, trauma\nThe Nine of Swords is often associated with fear and anxiety, about all the things that worry you and keep you up at night. Sometimes this card can be associated with trauma - one which may be shameful for you to confide with others about, and all the psychological responses that come from experiencing that trauma.'
    ,'Nine of Swords Reversal\nhope, reaching out, despair\nTo come across the Nine of Swords reversed still signals something similar to the upright version - that you may find yourself being terrorized by nightmares, by anxiety and stress. Some trauma from your past is coming back, and you find the grief of unresolved issues overwhelming.\nBut here we also see hope, at least there is the desire to leave this nightmare. You must understand that this suffering will not cease until you yourself put in the effort to leave it. There is much work that you must do to drag yourself towards release. But just as you have a ways out, you must understand that you can still fall deeper into despair. Your job is to avoid that outcome, if you push forward you may find yourself out, but if you do not, you may find yourself sinking deeper.'
    ,'Ten of Swords\nfailure, collapse, defeat\nThe Ten of Swords indicate a major disaster of some sort. It shows that a certain force of extreme magnitude has come to hit you in your life - one that you may have not foreseen. There is a sense of betrayal that is indicated here, for the character is stabbed in the back. This seems to be a reminder that despite how much we try, we cannot control everything - there are things that are beyond our ability to change. Here, this situation is unavoidable.\nThe tale of the suit of swords is a powerful metaphor, one that ends in tragedy. The swords are a symbol of the intellect, of intelligence and logic, and yet we find the final culmination of this suit a complete and total defeat of the spirit. We must realize that the swords are a weapon that can have immense potential for destruction or for good. The story as it unfolds from the ace to the ten is one where an untrained individual uses this weapon for faulty reasons - makes many mistakes, and then spends an entire lifetime attempting to run away from the power that he misused.'
    ,'Ten of Swords Reversal\ncant get worse, only upwards, inevitable endWhen we see any version of the Ten of Swords , the feelings are powerful. Whether reversed or upright, the card signals the finality of defeat. There is no way to avoid this tragedy - it has happened over a long course of events that have been a long time coming.\nWith the reversal though, also comes to a recognition that you have hit rock bottom, there is no more that is left for you to give. With that also comes the release that things can only get better and the cycle can start anew. But like with the eight and nine of swords, this release must be initiated by you. There is an opportunity being presented here to correct what has hurt you, but you must make the effort to climb out yourself. What has happened was terrible, but everyone has a part in the responsibility.'
    ,'Page of Swords\ncuriosity, restlessness, mental energy\nBright and alert, the Page of Swords is someone who never seems to run out of ideas. She is curious, always asking questions, and gifted with a sharp tongue and quick wit to match. Her aptitude for language also makes her an incredible communicator, and with her love of ideas, you may find her always engaged in some passionate debate.\nShe seems to thrive on almost a kind of nervous energy, as if there was too much inside her to say, the wheels in her head always turning. As a news bearer, she may bring news that is represented by her suit - particularly, gossip, legal matters, agreements. Alternatively, you may find yourself required to use her energy - be alert, keep your eyes open and stay sharp and vigilant.'
    ,'Page of Swords Reversal\ndeception, manipulation, all talk\nWhen the Page of Swords is reversed, all the negative characteristics of her come out - and she may become almost dangerous. Being gifted with a sharp and alert mind, she may be using it for deception and manipulation. The sword that she wields may be used to create pain, her natural gift for language turned to a weapon. She may lack the understanding or the maturity to understand the suffering that she causes, feeling the rush that one gets upon lashing out. On the other hand, this page may be someone of empty words or promises - who though loves talking, does not really talk about much of substance. Take care to show strength and action behind your words, for you may be damaging your reputation.'
    ,'Queen of Swords\ncomplexity, perceptiveness, clear mindedness\nThe Queen of Swords is an archetype of an older, wiser feminine intellect. She could be thought of as the most masculine of the all the queens, and may come off as quite stern and emotionless. This card represents the importance of making judgments without relying on emotion alone. The Queen of Swords beckons you to look at all the facts before making a decision. This queen does have compassion, which is why she has her hand reaching outwards in offering, but she wants to connect to people using an understanding that is intellectual.'
    ,'Queen of Swords Reversal\ncold hearted, cruel, bitterness\nThe Queen of Swords reversed meaning is that you may be thinking too much with your heart, and you are becoming too emotionally involved with your current situation. You have to start thinking more objectively, because your emotions could lead you astray. Take the time to look at the situation using various facts and use your head to create a clearer picture of what is really going on. Only then, can you decide what your next move should be.\nWhen reversed, the Queen of Swords can also be quite bitter, coldhearted, or resentful. You may have started to isolate yourself for a number of reasons, but the outside world could be taking this in the wrong way. You may have some explaining to do, especially if your relationships end up being stressed by your desire for solitude.'
    ,'King of Swords \nhead over heart, discipline, truth\nThe King of Swords appearing in a reading suggests that you should remain objective in your current situation - you must establish truth by sticking to the facts. The King of Swords and his intellectual power implies that you will need to use your intellect to make your point known and attain your goals. Besides your experience and education, you should be sharp and observant, to see deeply into problems that come your way.'
    ,'King of Swords Reversal\nmanipulative, cruel, weakness\nThe King of Swords in reversed shows tyrannical, abusive and manipulative habits. It may indicate the misuse of one’s mental power, drive, and authority. This is an illustration of persuasion and manipulation, so as to fulfill selfish desires. The King of Swords reversal meaning may also imply that you are showing off your level of intelligence by using big words when discussing ordinary topics. Another interpretation is that you may also be a loose cannon, especially where there are angry outbursts and impulses.'
    ,'Knight of Swords\naction, impulsiveness, defending beliefs\nWhen we are thoroughly obsessed by a certain idea and strongly wish to manifest it, we are oftentimes so blinded by the actual desire for its fulfillment that we fail to note the difficulties which we may come across, or the actions and consequences that it could bring. The Knight of Swords is a very powerful figure that is full of life as well as energy. This needs to be balanced with a proper and actual realization of compassion and responsibility.'
    ,'Knight of Swords Reversal\nno direction, disregard for consequences, unpredictability\nThe reversed Knight of Swords suggests incredible impatience, impulsiveness alongside his bursting with energy. This Knight of Swords has a lot of energy but lacks any kind of direction, and this oftentimes results in them making rather rash decisions as well as pulling down other people with them.\nTheir thoughts are oftentimes scattered throughout without any actual organization or logic. They are most likely disorganized and unprepared for the things that they actually want to achieve. The Knight of Swords reversal meaning indicates that you still have a lot of miles to walk in order to get the valuable life experience that you need in order to overcome adversities along the way. This is something to consider.'
    ,'Ace of Pentacles\nopportunity, prosperity, new venture\nThe aces in the tarot are all indicative of new beginnings. When you draw any of them, it means that you are at a point in your life where a new cycle is beginning - you are about to start afresh.\nBecause the suit of pentacles is primarily concerned with all things material (not just financial, but also with the sensual), this reset could manifest itself as a new career, the undertaking of a new venture, or the start of putting more care into your health. Wherever this beginning takes place, the Ace of Pentacles assures that what is to come will bring great abundance and opportunity. '
    ,'Ace of Pentacles Reversal\nlost opportunity, missed chance, bad investment\nThough the Ace of Pentacles usually heralds an opportunity of some sort that would lead to great gains, to see it reversed can mean that this might be a poor investment, requiring much more resources than you had initially reserved - or alternatively, you might be missing your chance.\nWhen one gets a reversed Ace of Pentacles, it may mean that they are about to face hard financial times as well as a lot of elusive opportunities. At this time, you are being advised against taking large financial risks and to think all your choices through when you are given a deal. '
    ,'Two of Pentacles\nbalancing decisions, priorities, adapting to change\nThe Two of Pentacles is a card about balance - the coins are displayed in a manner that is precarious, any small change in wind or weight can tip and send them falling. For those that may have more coins to go around, they can afford to be less careful, but at this moment things may be tight. Wealth too, is a kind of energy, and it is the kind whose goings in and goings out are easiest and most tangible to see. '
    ,'Two of Pentacles Reversal\nloss of balance, disorganized, overwhelmed \nWhen the Two of Pentacles is in reversed position, it can mean that you are trying to juggle much too many things in your life. You need to take at least a short break to eliminate the stress. In case you are feeling that you can’t handle everything, you need to consider your own well-being and provide yourself with a time to breathe. In your work, the Two of Pentacles reversal can be a positive omen. Avoid committing to a lot of things since it will overwhelm you.\nIn your finances, you need to learn how to live in your capacity. The Two of Pentacles reversal meaning reminds you to be aware of your income and expenditures since overspending can become a large issue, especially when you are being pulled in many directions.'
    ,'Three of Pentacles\nteamwork, collaboration, building\nThe threes in the tarot represent the successful completion of a goal - it takes the sources of energy in the ace and the twos and adds a foundational factor, and usually involves a group of some sort. In this scenario, the upright three of pentacles meaning is that there is a successful achievement of all the requirements to pursue your business, deal, venture or any other kind of endeavor. Successful projects usually require different kinds of expertise, and at this moment, the Three of Pentacles means that all the skills required are coming together. In short, you are enjoying enjoying working together as part of a team, and also in the initial success of this bigger project.'
    ,'Three of Pentacles Reversal\nlack of teamwork, disorganized, group conflict\nThe Three of Pentacles reversal meaning indicates that there is lack of team work; it shows that people are working against each other and undermining the project along the way. There seems to be too much competition between them - each person is trying to display superiority. This result to scarcity of resources - too many people are viewing their project partners as competitors.\nWhen you are in such a team, it is good to ensure that you try as much as possible to inspire camaraderie. With this constant bickering, it is hard for the projects in the reversed Three of Pentacles to come into completion. You may find that people are not listening to others, and everyone is working for themselves. This difference in motives and ambitions yields complications. If you can be the first to reach out and give everyone a chance to be heard and considered, perhaps this project has a chance to move forward.'
    ,'Four of Pentacles\nconservation, frugality, security\nThe Four of Pentacles card is capable of generating both negative and positive perceptions. On one hand, the card signifies that you have successfully managed to accomplish much of your goals and you have managed to attain a significant material wealth in the process. However, on the other hand, there is a significant chance that you will start valuing things only for their material worth. You have worked hard to get to the point where you are now, and it is absolutely natural for your to desire to make sure that you remain stable. But this also has a chance to turn you into an overly possessive or greedy person who wants to ensure that no one is capable of taking away your own wealth.'
    ,'Four of Pentacles Reversal\ngreediness, stinginess, possessiveness\nWhen reversed, the Four of Pentacles veers sharply into the negative meanings of the card. Instead of being protective you become greedy, and you succumb to stinginess. You are haunted by certain fears of poverty which compels you to be nothing but materialistic. You are incredibly self-protective and defensive in terms of materialistic things, and you are not opening up to trust other people out of fear that they may be taking them away.\nOn the other side, you might actually be spending too much money, and you need to start getting a proper hold of your actual financial resources. In any case, the card is capable of inducing both positive and negative associations, and you need to be very accountable and considerate if you get the Four of Pentacles in a reading'
    ,'Five of Pentacles\nneed, poverty, insecurity\nWhenever the Five of Pentacles shows up in a reading, it suggests a time of hardship and insecurity. The meaning of this card can be deep loneliness, illness, poverty or loss. Your status might take a turn for the worse in the near future. There is a chance that you will lose something significant, whether it is financial wealth or an important item. Deterioration of your health might be already ongoing or be very sudden.'
    ,'Five of Pentacles Reversal\nrecovery, charity, improvement\nUnlike the upright version, the Five of Pentacles reversal meaning can be a positive one. The snow is now on top, which represents brightness coming into your life. The stained glass now symbolizes a passageway with the Pentacles serving as the light at the end of the tunnel. The reversed Five of Pentacles means change is coming.\nWhen drawing this card, it can mean that the worst is now over, but don’t expect changes to happen overnight. It will take some time before you can recover, and find strength once again. This means you will be able to regain stability in terms of property, health, relationships, business, or finances.\nSlow recovery from illness can be indicated by the Five of Pentacles reversed as well. You will be able to find a treatment that can lead to recovery. If you are caring for someone, then it can mean that help will be made available, whether it is financial or practical assistance.'
    ,'Six of Pentacles\ncharity, generosity, sharing\nThe Six of Pentacles means is that you are in a position where you have a good relationship with your income. Like the main figure in the card, the amount of money that you bring in and your expenses are balanced well, and you are fortunate enough to not have any stress. You are also grateful for all that you own and can happily share your wealth with others. As you can tell from the imagery in the card, the Six of Pentacles can be about charity. You can either be the man giving away money to the needy, or a beggar gratefully receiving what you need from wealthy donor.'
    ,'Six of Pentacles Reversal\nstrings attached, stinginess, power and domination\nThe Six of Pentacles reversed can suggest that charity can be one-way. If you have loaned someone money, you should not be expecting your money to be paid back, or your favor to be returned in the future. You should be cautious about the people you are lending money to, especially if you are not financially stable. You could also have problems with spending and giving away more than you can really afford.\nThe Six of Pentacles reversed can also warn you about the debts that you have. This could mean that you are in over your head and it is going to come back and be a major problem in the future. You should also be careful of entering business endeavors during this time because you could end up with a huge loss, instead of getting a return on your investment.\nThe last Six of Pentacles reversal meaning is that there is selfishness related to giving and charity. This may mean that you are willing to give others in a way that is not to benefit them, but to benefit yourself. You should be cautious that you are not just being charitable to prove you are giving or generous to others. The source of generosity should be selfless, not selfish.'
    ,'Seven of Pentacles\nhard work, perseverance, diligence\nThe meaning of the Seven of Pentacles relates to investment and effort. It follows the Six of Pentacles which refers to the end of financial or material hardship. If you have been putting in time and effort in your work, it signifies that your efforts are paying off and they are going to pay off in the future as well.\nIf you are looking to invest, the Seven of Pentacles suggests that you are ready to put in a lot of effort, time and work into whatever you want to achieve. It reaffirms you of your long-term vision and helps to show that you are not confined to seeing results in the short term only. It shows how much you value the investment because of the effort that you are willing to put in.'
    ,'Seven of Pentacles Reversal\nwork without results, distractions, lack of rewards\nThe Seven of Pentacles reversed means that your returns may be scattered for now. It could also mean that the rewards of your labor are not as significant as you thought. The advantage of this is that it shows that you know when to stop investing your time, money or energy in a particular project. You, therefore, need to reevaluate your choices, and figure out where you should put your resources. The Seven of Pentacles reversal meaning could also be applied to relationships and the effort and emotions that you have invested.'
    ,'Eight of Pentacles\napprenticeship, passion, high standards\nThis card indicates a time that you have to work hard and focus entirely on your tasks. This is not necessarily a negative situation, but this means that you must really strive to be the best. The task that you need to accomplish can be personal or professional. No matter what type of task it is, do not be afraid to ask for help when things get overwhelming. The Eight of Pentacles refers to the efforts that you undertake. There is a possibility that there will be a lot of things that you need to address. Hard work is essential, but you still need to find a balance.'
    ,'Eight of Pentacles Reversal\nlack of passion, uninspired, no motivation\nWhen reversed, the Eight of Pentacles signifies something similar to the upright position, but the tasks may be even more demanding. This means that you need to execute swiftly and with great care if you want to be happy and successful with this outcome. In terms of work, the Eight of Pentacles reversed refers to the importance of impressing your employer through your diligence, dedication and intelligence. Never avoid any task or responsibility in your work - or else this can damage your reputation. In love, the Eight of Pentacles may reveal that both of you may not be prepared to handle the responsibilities to make your relationship work'
    ,'Nine of Pentacles\nfruits of labor, rewards, luxury\nThis Nine of Pentacles card indicates that the querent has reached a stage in their lives where they are confident, independent and self-sufficient. Through hard work, this person is now ready to enjoy money, leisure and material comfort.\nThe difficulties that were faced in the earlier journey of the pentacles appear to be over. The Nine of Pentacles conveys not only joy, but also the feeling of security and freedom that material wealth can bring. Looking back, the querent can now celebrate the difficulties, the struggles, and the hard work that lined her path. Her previous challenges gave her the wider perspective she needs to understand the spiritual value of her success. Knowing how difficult it was to get here, she intends to enjoy every single day that is given to her.'
    ,'Nine of Pentacles Reversal\nreckless spending, living beyond means, false success\nThe Nine of Pentacles reversed can be indicative of suffering from financial issues. It can perhaps indicate a false display of security and stability. There may be a desire here to keep up appearances - to have all the finer things in life even when we cannot afford to do so. Where does this stem from?'
    ,'Ten of Pentacles\nlegacy, culmination, inheritance\nThe Ten of Pentacles deals with permanence and satisfaction. The card shows that everything you have put your efforts into for a long time will pay off in the future. It suggests that everything will work out well in the end - for you have always kept the long term picture in view, choosing to take no shortcuts. Your legacy is sure to stand for quite a long time to come. This is a relief, for the path to get here has been filled with setbacks and challenges, making this point of the journey even sweeter.'
    ,'Ten of Pentacles Reversal\nfleeting success, lack of stability, lack of resources \nThe Ten of Pentacles reversed meaning may be a warning about your future financial status. It could point to problems and hiccups later on in life, even though they may not currently be an issue. It could also show the faulty nature of an investment that you have put a lot of time and effort in. In general, this reversed card seems to signal that you are placing too many bets on your short-term success, while harming your long-term potential. Take a step back and evaluate whether your decisions right now will lead to more damage in the future.'
    ,'Page of Pentacles\nambition, desire, diligence\nWhen we meet the Page of Pentacles, we see immediately that she is one that is ambitious and focused. She is protected, nourished, provided for by the suit whose name she bears. Guided by it, she is deeply tied to the earth, nature, and all of its gifts. She cherishes the body, for it too is something which is a manifestation of her element. Her diligence, ambition and loyalty drives her to quickly make plans for the future - for it is there where her focus lies.'
    ,'Page of Pentacles Reversal\nlack of commitment, greediness, laziness\nWhen the Page of Pentacles card appears reversed, it may point to your lack of focus. There is a possibility that you are being distracted with lots of things. Try to borrow the talents of this page and focus your mind before moving on the next thing.'
    ,'Queen of Pentacles\npracticality, creature comforts, financial security\The Queen of Pentacles represents both a down-to-earth woman who plays many roles to ensure that she keeps her family happy. She knows how and when to show love - keeping an orderly home, cooking comforting meals and takes care of the children. But do not mistake her for being only a homebody - alongside all these motherly attributes, she can plan business ventures and execute her plans successfully. It is through her naturally talented business sense that she is surrounded by such luxury. She is quiet and does not like disclosing her financial accounts, fearing that it could bring more complexity to her life, which she desires to keep rather simple. She may have a secret bank account that nobody knows about - for she may choose to be careful, vigilant and self-sufficient.'
    ,'Queen of Pentacles Reversal\nself-centeredness, jealousy, smothering\nWhen the Queen of Pentacles becomes disconnected with the energy of her suit, she can become someone who is completely self-absorbed. Gone is the upright generosity in her suit, she can be selfish and even envious when others successes seem greater than hers. Upright, her home is usually a sanctuary for her guests, but reversed it may instead be slovenly - she loses the ability to take care of herself and her surroundings. Her focus on the material may manifest negatively, making her greedy, and yet lacking in her sense of duty and capability. How can she ground herself again, how can she re-enter the sacred relationship she naturally feels with the earth and all its living creatures?'
    ,'King of Pentacles\nabundance, prosperity, security\nWhen we meet the King of Pentacles, we feel immediately his regal and generous presence. He is a provider and a protector, for under his care is a flourishing and abundant kingdom where its citizens are prosperous and encouraged to grow. He is naturally responsible and reliable, and through the wisdom granted to him by his suit, he has grown all that he has acquired from practically nothing. To see him in the cards is to envision success - one that was won by earnest work.'
    ,'King of Pentacles Reversal\ngreed, indulgence, sensuality\nWhen reversed, the King of Pentacles falls from his throne. Once the king of a prosperous kingdom, it has been taken away from him, or lost. Disconnected from the energy of his suit, he may have been impatient, he may have been too indulgent, he may have gambled too far and overstretched himself, he may have sought shortcuts that led him to ruin. He may become too focused on the material, only understanding the cost of things, and never their value.'
    ,'Knight of Pentacles\nefficiency, hard work, responsibility\nThe Knight of Pentacles is about the daily tasks and the responsibility that one has to gain through a specific project. This knight has the patience to accomplish all his given duties and is considered by others reliable and committed to his work. To see this card is an indication that there is a need to be trustworthy and reliable.'
    ,'Knight of Pentacles Reversal\nlaziness, obsessiveness, work without reward\nWhen the reversed Knight of Pentacles shows up in a reading, the traits that were once positive in the upright position are now taken to the extreme. You may feel stuck in your own routine, and bored of everything that surrounds you. You may desire a change of scenery in order to avoid this tiring repetition. The Knight of Pentacles reversed could also indicate that you have totally ignored many serious aspects of your life. Financial or personal issues are often be neglected in favor of work matters when this card appears reversed.'
    ,'The Philosophy\n'
    ,'The Philosophy Reversal\n\n'] 

x=int(input("How many cards do you want?"))
y = 1
while 0 < x:
    
    x = x-1
    random_index = random.randint(0,len(letters)-1)
    
    print("Card %d " %y)
    print(cardslist[random_index]+"\n")
    y = y+1
   # print(letters[random_index])